Update launcher documentation for users (#350)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/ayon_launcher_admin.md

- Linux: `~/.local/share/AYON`
- macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/AYON`
:::

:::tip Customize Site ID

Check the FAQ for [How to Set Custom Site ID](#how-to-set-custom-site-id).
:::

### Shims

Shims help register the path to the AYON launcher. Currently, you can point to a single version, which stops working when uninstalled for a new version. The shim finds an existing launcher and executes it without downloading or handling logic.

The AYON launcher has new argument handling. When `init-ayon-launcher` is passed, it stores information about the executable and deploys shims without further action.

The shim is also used for the custom `ayon-launcher://` protocol scheme, which varies by OS. This support enables web actions.

:::note

Shims on Windows and Linux are installed to the resources directory (per user).
:::

## FAQ

### Where Login Credentials are Saved

When starting AYON for the first time, the login UI prompts for the server URL and credentials, saving them securely to your system's keyring. On Windows, it's **Credential Manager**; on macOS, it's **Keychain**; on Linux, it could be **GNOME Keyring** or other software, depending on your distribution.

> This can also be set beforehand with the environment variable `AYON_SERVER_URL`, which takes precedence over the keyring setting.

Author: This line is from the remains of OpenPype documentation. originally, it was 

> This can be also set beforehand with environment variable `OPENPYPE_MONGO`. If set it takes precedence over the one set in keyring.

Then,  `OPENPYPE_MONGO` was changed to  `AYON_SERVER_URL`.
I don't know hot correct this line.
Any suggestions are appreciated.

Tagging @iLLiCiTiT

Reviewer: Title says `Where Login Credentials are Saved`, so env variable is not related to it?

If you want to mention it then `AYON_SERVER_URL` and `AYON_API_KEY` can be filled to skip logic. I don't know from top of my head how it works, if I remember correctly:
- if both are filled, it is just used
- if only api key is filled, it does not affect anything
- if only server is filled, it does pre-fill the server in login UI, but you still have to login

To make things a little bit more complicated, we do store api keys per server url, so technically login UI does not have to popup, if there is valid api key stored under the server url you filled using `AYON_SERVER_URL`, it will just start...

Author: > Title says `Where Login Credentials are Saved`, so env variable is not related to it?

My intention for this part is to mention where AYON Launcher saves credentials and how AYON launcher remembers the logged in user. 

Anyways, this section should just mentions that when launcher starts it launches a popup and  sets `AYON_USERNAME` afterwards? 
Alternatively, a service user can log in using `AYON_SERVER_URL` and `AYON_API_KEY`..  (will `AYON_USERNAME`  be named `service`? )

Also, removing that paragraph about keyring?

Reviewer: `AYON_USERNAME` is not a thing. It is always `AYON_SERVER_URL` and `AYON_API_KEY`.

### Automate Launcher Installation on Windows Machines

> You can create a `.bat` file with the following specs and run it on all machines through Deadline.

Author: This question was ported from forums [Automating AYON Launcher Installation on User Machines Using the Command Line](https://community.ynput.io/t/automating-ayon-launcher-installation-on-user-machines-using-the-command-line/1836) 
the 

My intention for this question to provide insights about automate deploying ayon launcher on farm machines.

> You can create a `.bat` file with the following specs and run it on all machines through Deadline.

Reviewer: Isn't that more forum topic, instead of docs? Just asking..

```shell
set INSTALLER=/path/to/installer
set LOGFILE=/path/to/output/log.txt

# start installation
"%INSTALLER%" /NOCANCEL /VERYSILENT /CURRENTUSER /VERYSILENT /SP /SUPPRESSMSGBOXES /LOG="%LOGFILE%"
```

For reference, see the community post where this question was asked:
- [Automating AYON Launcher Installation on User Machines Using the Command Line | Ynput Forums](https://community.ynput.io/t/automating-ayon-launcher-installation-on-user-machines-using-the-command-line/1836)

### Use Shared Location for AYON Launcher and Add-ons

This is done by leveraging the `AYON_LAUNCHER_STORAGE_DIR` environment variable. For more information, see [Launcher Environment Variables](dev_launcher.md#environment-variables).

Here's a community step-by-step guide:
- [Use Shared Location for AYON Launcher and Add-ons | Ynput Forums](https://community.ynput.io/t/use-shared-location-for-ayon-launcher-and-addons/1175).

### AYON Launcher Versioning Convention

AYON uses semantic versioning for add-ons and desktop applications ([click here for more details](https://semver.org/)).

> For studios customizing the AYON source code, it's practical to build by adding a name and number after the PATCH, rather than deploying with the same version from the original AYON repository. For example, `1.0.0` should become `1.0.0-yourstudio.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For studios customizing the AYON source code, it's practical to build by adding a name and number after the PATCH, rather than deploying with the same version from the original AYON repository. For example, `1.0.0` should become `1.0.0+yourstudio.1`.
```

Author: https://media2.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbHliMTl2d3lrdnVsaDZieXVwbDFucXMxZWFlOWh6NzJhazY1M2V1aiZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/2H67VmB5UEBmU/giphy.gif

So, 
- A dash (`-`) denotes a prerelease.
- A plus (`+`) denotes build metadata. which is ignored when comparing.
a- `x.y.z` always take precedence over `x.y.z-prerelease`

Also, Do we use any tools to filter the versions and arrange them based on precedence according to semantic versioning?  (Maybe in frontend side of the server)

Or making the studio info a build info is better with a note explaining that in the section above? 

what to recommend using `-` or `+`

Reviewer: `-` will makes it lower version. Example issue: Addon `addoff`, add studio changes to create version `1.1.1-studio.1`, if there is other addon `addona` that has in requirements `addoff>=1.1.1`, it won't let you create bundle.

Check FAQ, see [Automate launcher installation on Windows Machines](#automate-launcher-installation-on-windows-machines)
:::

:::info Install for all users

> When installing for "All Users". It should be in a location where it needs admin permissions. However, the app will run under the CURRENT_USER registry to avoid requirement for admin privileges and to avoid issues connected to multi-user machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing for "All Users". It is installed to Program files by defailt, which requires admin permissions. However, the app will run under the CURRENT_USER registry to avoid requirement for admin privileges and to avoid issues connected to multi-user machine.
```

Author: I don't have a strong opinion about it but I believe we should write some note about `install for all users`.
Could you make a better suggestion for `Install for all users` note? 
I tried my best collecting some info from several discussions on discord, that's how I wrote this note.

Reviewer: I didn't realize this is in "admin" section (the PR title says "...for users"). Still the however part does not make sense and is misleading. Update of launcher still requires admin permissions if it lives in admin managed folder (which program files is). The "current user registry" is related to shim and `ayon-launcher` scheme procotol, not to launcher installation.

Author: Sorry for contusion, I've updated the PR name. 
Here's how the note looks like. 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f818ff04-5dd9-4036-be23-61aa2a0dc4d3)

Author: Should I make the note in tabs so that we can tailor the note based on the os? 
like: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cc7d7a07-1d98-44ed-ab07-cd6717836c55)

Author: https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/350/commits/4a5bdf234373e73e10275e954372a7d3d695350b
